Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, you will be able to retrieve data from the cloud first database, and you will be
able to display the data in the profile screen.
Okay, then to do this, we have to head back to our voice code and then the profile screen and what
we can do, we can use controller and B to make this wide and instead of returning a scaffold widgets
for the now, we are going to return something known as future.
Future.
Future Buehler.
Okay.
We can get rid of this first.
And the future builder has the property known as future.
The future is basically referring to the source of the data.
That is, where is the location of the data we are retrieving.
Okay.
To do this or to make this claim before the return, we can create a variable and we can just go ahead
and specify the type of variable.
It is a type of something known as collection reference and we can call this variable customer.
Then it's going to be equal to firebase faster.
Dorrit is tense and definitely we are going to need to assess this user's collection.
So we then have to say collection.
And the name of the collection is called uses like how the semicolon over there.
And over a year we can then call this customer variable.
But we are going to go further.
And the reason for this is because each user.
Each user is going to be connected to this user's collection based on something known as UID.
Right?
So what we can do is over here to get the UID.
We can just go ahead and create a find available and say it is a type of firebase.
Firebase.
It.
So fab.
He's.
Court.
And you can call this rebel on the score heart.
It's going to be equal to five days or it.
The indoors is dense.
Okay, great.
And we can go further by saying Dirt Dog.
I think you've seen something similar like this before.
And now we can then call it the underscore art towards current user and or its UID.
Right.
Okay.
Add this over here and we have to say don't get.
First offer, we got access to the users collection where all our users are going to be stored.
And the reason we are going further is we want to fetch the user that is logged in, that is the current
user which is currently logged in.
We do not want to fetch all the users, right?
Because definitely you're not going to display all the users profile at the same time.
So we have to go into a particular user, which is the user that is currently logged in.
Right.
Okay.
And the future user also has a property known as builder.
The builder is basically referring to how we are going to display the data.
Okay.
The other.
As this contest, and we can just go ahead and specify it is a type of build contest.
Kay.
And.
How did you recover?
It also was a surprise, this property, which is known as a sink.
Is saying openly, I'm going to spare this currently.
If not, we're going to have an error async snap.
Snob shirt.
Okay.
And this it is also a type of document snapshot or document snapshots means it's basically referring
to a single data.
Snapshots.
And we can then call this rebel snapshot.
You can see the snapshot variable as a variable that has access to all the data as we have via.
Okay.
Great.
Sorry.
Yeah.
This next slide.
If you have any help in this, it might be your spelling is not fully correct.
So it is known as async snapshot.
Okay.
Yeah, we need to have.
A semicolon.
And we are going to do some check.
They're going to do some check first.
And the first check.
There's going to be this and we can check first.
We are going to say if snapshot this snapshot by said, you can see the snapshot as a variable that
has access to all the details we have via.
So you can see if snapshots.
Snapshot.
Snapshot dot.
We can has error first.
If it adds error.
Then we want to return.
It says.
Which is to say something went wrong.
But definitely we do not know what went wrong.
Okay, this is the first check.
We can then have another check.
We can say if snapshot.
Snapshot.
DOD has data.
Right that has data.
That means if the user which is currently logged in, has data in the faster data in the cloud faster.
And we can add multiple check and.
We can just add a no check over it and snap short.
DOT data.
Does not exist.
If it actually exists, we need to not check over it.
If it exist.
Okay.
So if it does not exist, that's what this does.
Or why they are simply saying if it has data or does not exist, then we want to return.
Return a test.
Which is going to say document.
Does.
Not exist.
Is this okay?
Now we have to check.
Okay.
We are going to have another check again.
The kid.
We just have to be sure every ten.
Is currently done.
Okay, we can have another check.
We can then say if snapshot.
Snapshot.
Dot sorry it ladies over the condition states.
Is equal to that is it is currently loading or trying to fetch the data.
That is why most of the time you would want to have a spinner.
Okay.
Is equal to.
Condition states.
Conditions to dawn.
We are simply saying after it finishes loading.
If that finishes low, then the what we want to do is we want to display the data.
So over here we can create a variable called data and it's going to be equal to.
I can just go ahead and specify the type of variable it is a type of map, right?
So you can see it is a type of map and all these are strings.
So if I can just add this and this is a type of string also, and also it is a type of dynamic.
Because all this can be numbers, integer, boolean, and so on.
And over here.
Is equal to snapshot.
Snapshot dot data.
Dot.
Dot dot data.
The data again.
And we have to convert it to us.
Lap.
String.
We're just going to come back to this again and dynamic.
Okay.
We need a check over here.
This is basically it after it finishes loading.
We want to display.
We basically have any available court data to store all the data as we have over here.
Right.
Like I said, this snapshot has all the details to our cloud first.
So basically we're saving it in the data code.
You are basically receiving it into the available data.
Okay.
Great.
And else.
What we can just do is we do not really need to have X or Y.
Definitely.
If this code does not work, this is going to work.
Okay.
Else we want to return.
Maybe it's just.
Which is going to say in.
Loading.
Hopefully I can spell loading.
Okay.
I think I've spent a lot of time.